# UsageEventsData

## Properties

| Name               | Type                            | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Notes      |
| ------------------ | ------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- |
| **Device**         | Pointer to **string**           |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | [optional] |
| **Fleet**          | Pointer to **string**           |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | [optional] |
| **Notefiles**      | Pointer to **map[string]int64** | Count of events per notefile. Only present when includeNotefiles&#x3D;true is specified.                                                                                                                                                                             | [optional] |
| **Period**         | **time.Time**                   |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| **PlatformEvents** | **int64**                       | Total platform events. Platform events are \_log, \_session, \_health, and \_geolocate events some of which are send from the device, some generated by notehub. These events are not billed.                                                                        |
| **TotalEvents**    | **int64**                       | Total events the device sent to notehub, including associated notehub generated events                                                                                                                                                                               |
| **WatchdogEvents** | **int64**                       | Watchdog events are events generated by notehub when a watchdog timer is configured for a device to indicate is has not been online for a period of time. These events are billed but should not be used to indicate a device is active, or connected, at this time. |

## Methods

### NewUsageEventsData

`func NewUsageEventsData(period time.Time, platformEvents int64, totalEvents int64, watchdogEvents int64, ) *UsageEventsData`

NewUsageEventsData instantiates a new UsageEventsData object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewUsageEventsDataWithDefaults

`func NewUsageEventsDataWithDefaults() *UsageEventsData`

NewUsageEventsDataWithDefaults instantiates a new UsageEventsData object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetDevice

`func (o *UsageEventsData) GetDevice() string`

GetDevice returns the Device field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDeviceOk

`func (o *UsageEventsData) GetDeviceOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDeviceOk returns a tuple with the Device field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDevice

`func (o *UsageEventsData) SetDevice(v string)`

SetDevice sets Device field to given value.

### HasDevice

`func (o *UsageEventsData) HasDevice() bool`

HasDevice returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFleet

`func (o *UsageEventsData) GetFleet() string`

GetFleet returns the Fleet field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFleetOk

`func (o *UsageEventsData) GetFleetOk() (*string, bool)`

GetFleetOk returns a tuple with the Fleet field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFleet

`func (o *UsageEventsData) SetFleet(v string)`

SetFleet sets Fleet field to given value.

### HasFleet

`func (o *UsageEventsData) HasFleet() bool`

HasFleet returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNotefiles

`func (o *UsageEventsData) GetNotefiles() map[string]int64`

GetNotefiles returns the Notefiles field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNotefilesOk

`func (o *UsageEventsData) GetNotefilesOk() (*map[string]int64, bool)`

GetNotefilesOk returns a tuple with the Notefiles field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNotefiles

`func (o *UsageEventsData) SetNotefiles(v map[string]int64)`

SetNotefiles sets Notefiles field to given value.

### HasNotefiles

`func (o *UsageEventsData) HasNotefiles() bool`

HasNotefiles returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPeriod

`func (o *UsageEventsData) GetPeriod() time.Time`

GetPeriod returns the Period field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPeriodOk

`func (o *UsageEventsData) GetPeriodOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetPeriodOk returns a tuple with the Period field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPeriod

`func (o *UsageEventsData) SetPeriod(v time.Time)`

SetPeriod sets Period field to given value.

### GetPlatformEvents

`func (o *UsageEventsData) GetPlatformEvents() int64`

GetPlatformEvents returns the PlatformEvents field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPlatformEventsOk

`func (o *UsageEventsData) GetPlatformEventsOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetPlatformEventsOk returns a tuple with the PlatformEvents field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPlatformEvents

`func (o *UsageEventsData) SetPlatformEvents(v int64)`

SetPlatformEvents sets PlatformEvents field to given value.

### GetTotalEvents

`func (o *UsageEventsData) GetTotalEvents() int64`

GetTotalEvents returns the TotalEvents field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTotalEventsOk

`func (o *UsageEventsData) GetTotalEventsOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetTotalEventsOk returns a tuple with the TotalEvents field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTotalEvents

`func (o *UsageEventsData) SetTotalEvents(v int64)`

SetTotalEvents sets TotalEvents field to given value.

### GetWatchdogEvents

`func (o *UsageEventsData) GetWatchdogEvents() int64`

GetWatchdogEvents returns the WatchdogEvents field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetWatchdogEventsOk

`func (o *UsageEventsData) GetWatchdogEventsOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetWatchdogEventsOk returns a tuple with the WatchdogEvents field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetWatchdogEvents

`func (o *UsageEventsData) SetWatchdogEvents(v int64)`

SetWatchdogEvents sets WatchdogEvents field to given value.

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)
